A.P.
I want to look at this one here.
Power, yes, power.
I'm not going to have a couple of hours.
Freedom.
Yeah, yeah.
Thank you.
... ... ... ... ...
and to listen to radio, to listen how it's difficult to live here in Sierra Leone, but to understand the situation and to understand the law, you must be here.
I have three sons and one has been killed.
How's it done?
I have one of her sons and the third one is on the front lawn.
We are like, er, like we, like one body who is in Canada.
Some medicine.
Everybody tries to do some medicine.
But we are dying.
They don't found real medicine.
We are dying.
It's not more on the front or at the ground, but it's more in the kitchen.
Okay, we are going to work school.
Now we are in Korea, as we know.
We used to go to school in downtown, but now it's terrible.
No gas shooting all the time.
And we can only go to school one day a week instead of six days a week.
We can come to school or not to come because it's not for that.
We'll make the official office.
We are all...
Wow
This is a very amazing place, you know.
We live for something, for an apartment.
We live in... I don't know, it's not a place, it's actually some kind of
Super modern concentration camps, you know, where people, actually they're living in death.
Understand me?
They're actually not living next to death or really death, but they're living in death.
So this tunnel seems to go to the audience.
Thank you.
So that is the start of Hulik Orchestra.
They play here in the city building, because they cannot play somewhere else.
So they play with one French director, and this is Richard, so it's just to be heroic here.
Can they stop, you know, some of the Serbs who want to create their Green Great Serbia, to occupy the Bouncyon stage and to
to live there and to kill the old people, old people, etc.
The hills are occupied by Chesnicks and we are here in the town, so you can't go out, you can't go anywhere.
Sometimes, sometimes we go to the city, but it's not so, it can be dangerous.
If we, in the city, have played in all of us, then we're going to have to help.
People in the world.
That is just in everyone.
Everything you can treat in the actual world.
But why?
Who can ask only why?
They try to go from the other side, you know.
One of the main issues, you know.
They want to go to the other side, and I know they want to go to the other side, you know, to leave, to leave, you know, but somebody killed them there.
We go to water and anywhere else, just there.
We have to go.
Sniper, we'll be here, but we might.
We'd be delighted if we go to water.
I go, I don't know which water, which water.
To find water.
And I come to traffic very late.
And the traffic is shut.
And when the sniper is shut, I'll check the traffic out back.
This is the car.
These are special bullets for airplanes and they shoot people with it.
When the war finishes,
I think that I will then feel the consequences of this hatred, killing, you know, watching horrible things and listening to horrible things every day.
She came into a refugee center and she saw a woman, a crazy woman, she didn't struggle right herself.
She told her that
No, my mother wasn't like this before the war.
It happened to her when a chestnut came in our house and they took my little sister, she was just a baby, a few months old or something like that, and they put it in a, how do you call it, oven, oven, oven, and they put it in the oven and
turned on and my mother was just standing and baby was crying crying and then she stopped and when they took her out of the oven she looked like a pig and she was all empty or something like that.
Don't move on, don't touch me.
Don't touch me.
.
Thank you.
This is called a special kind of training.
The settings have, you know, and they can speak
Whatever they want to shoot, every object which they see, they can fix with it in choice.
I never need to live.
I'm no need to survive.
And I'm so welcome.
Survive.
I think you, you know, find the damage.
One man is walking down the street and taking a canister of the water.
And in one moment he looks on a floor, cheese.
The type of cheese which we get in the very day.
And he stands and looks at cheese, you know.
And then he tries to take his cheese, but the cheese is moving, you know.
And he's going further for the cheese.
And in one moment he jumps, catches the cheese like that.
Catches the cheese.
And sees through the eyes, just like me, you know.
And they are taking him, taking his blood, you know, because we need every drop of the blood.
And when he is going out, he says, everything is okay to my blindness, he says, but where is my character of the water?
It doesn't need the blood, it doesn't need anything.
There are so many things in Aurora, really.
For example, I think, jump in from San Francisco Bridge.
Oh, there's a lot of big humor in the body.
You know, people just keep on laughing.
And they're making good from horrible things.
That's our mentality, you know.
And it's good.
No matter if it's thick humor.
It isn't humorous.
In about half an hour.
I had to go to the front line because I'm a soldier too.
I spent two days at the front line, and then I had two days off.
I had to play one nightclub, you know.
There are nightclubs in Rio.
Thank you.
I'm his wife.
I, I, I have his wife.
Yes, I have his wife.
Because marriage is a war.
I have a grave.
You have many, many things to do, you know, many obligations, but you have your family, you have to take care of it, you know, like,
Water, electricity, wood, fire, you know, food.
This is essential for living the rioting.
Water mellow!
Well, the worst thing that happened to me during the war was like two
months ago the killing of three of my friends and while other three were wounded and one other guy and myself were, you know, like left alive, stayed alive when we were at the front line and threatened by the mortar on which I work at the moment and
But two shells, you know, two grenades, two bombs, big, big, huge things fall down.
And people, you spend 10 months, 11 months, I don't know how many.
And you share everything.
I mean, everything.
When you live together, you share everything, you know, like you did.
Everything.
You know, food and cigarettes and everything.
And all of a sudden, in five minutes you lose six people.
And you see it happens four feet or ten feet away from you.
And you have to take care of them, of the wounded people who are dying in front of you, of the thrown heads.
the smell of brain, human brain and blood and mud, and drowning in your hair and everything.
I mean, I hope that no one will have such an experience because it's really, you know, it can get you, make you
Insane.
Every single person is surprised how you're in the church.
Take care of him.
He's always at 20 days.
He was not a kid.
There was a contest, only Sarajevo beauty contest.
It was one of the ways to show that to the world and to the enemies.
From what the killer said then, it wasn't.
The Sarajevo contest in 1992.
Each time I may feel you again I fall to pieces How can I be just your friend?
People from my country, from this town,
I guess that they all have their way of fighting.
So not just men with guns, but also women with their beauty.
Pretend we've never met.
And not right away.
I'm not right away.
The buildings are standing behind a sign, drawing flowers, and the sign says, don't let them kill us.
There is no interest to God.
Yeah, it's in Europe, but if they wanted to do something, they do it in the beginning.
Thank you.
Welcome to hell was a sign of graffiti on one of the walls.
Another one driving in.
Welcome to Sarajevo.
There's an image of a dead child, huh?
A smiling child in front of a park park.
Blood on the street collapses.
dead and injured on the streets.
Also it is.
This is the burning library.
And in a fresh kit battle, one fight over.
You see her.
And they're getting something young, young child.
They're very good.
.
I'm Muslim.
No, I'm Muslim.
But I go sometimes in church.
I go in Muslim.
I believe in God.
Only one God.
Not three guys, four guys.
And I believe in Muslim.
I believe in Muslim.
God is righteous.
Thank you.
In April of 1992, up to 2,500 shows started falling in Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia.
This is dedicated to Corine, C-O-R-R-I-N-A, introduced by Liam Neeson.
These are the credits that are rolling now.
Leah Milley and Kevin was the producer.
Director of I. Bill Carter.
I'm sorry, but I don't have anything.
So are you, 1915, August 1995?
Yes.
Then my life has changed a lot.
But I'm just going to take it out.
A postscript, apparently, to the bill.
Yes.
I have lost
My friend is burnt.
I don't know.
The situation is really heavy.
I can't go walk in the street.
I can't go to school.
I live only for the past.
I tell my friends who live here.
I'm sorry, really sorry that I don't have anything to say.
I'm really quiet.
It's just reality.
Thank you for this.
But since what you have done for us, it's so... I love everyone, really.
Thank you so much.
Bye.
You were surprised how ruthless someone came back.
Unfortunately, there are not so human beings on the dying front, inside your neighbors.
It was not the occupation in the terms of the Second World War.
When you have a possibility to develop this, it is just a very hard attack.
And I think that the surveillance especially did counterattack very slowly, very gently.
And there are specific risks.
It was not organized and presented for the world financially worth it.
It is just one sign that everything is shorted up even in the world, that life go on regardless of the night of the night and night.
Because when I ask you, did you have fun, I didn't want to work here.
I mean, did you live there?
You live there, and you're the person of the experience of employment in the middle of it.
You have to relax and enjoy it.
And then you will understand, because of the general nature of, and of course, when the children have,
But you're asking, I mean, that's just, you know, some other questions.
I think there's a film there that don't worry about the answers.
You know what I mean?
What happened then?
I don't know.
It was probably real close.
But I had the money to worry about that.
Just trying, trying, trying.
You know, you run into this chair.
Because I ran into people on their side.
And here's the assumption.
I never really don't want to screw in with that one.
I'm standing there and that guy's telling me about 15 minutes.
I don't know.
And that the battle happened to go through.
So it was very much like, it was very much in their entire operation for a few years.
Three years ago.
And you think, all right, all right, you're 10 years old.
If you do come back, you got something on your own.
And you tell me about this thing.
And you're about to go kill a kid.
Help me.
You can't.
You know, a normal Indian comes in there and fights with a lot.
You know, what you could do on that, if you take that exact same thing according to our country, you're not going to even come here and kill us.
But if I tell you, no, we have to tell you about the truth.
The truth is today, and this is what I'm doing.
Right, and there's a really strange, like, feeling like this.
I'm not sure the same people are visiting.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
Well, I just had a question on how exactly you got into Parallel Europe, I mean, in the midst of this war.
I look from a conflict in Croatia, nine days ago, it was about 200 kilometers.
Nine days after .
And at the time he cried, it was quite easy to go.
They were much worse in many ways than the market curves.
Much more loose about how they take care of it on the road.
It was not loose.
It was ridiculous in the yard, actually.
If I think that, I've done the same thing easily, and I've forgotten that some things would happen on the trail.
But some things you don't remember.
Did you go alone?
I went along, yeah.
But I met some amazing guys.
You know, I mean, just to paint a picture, these guys were, these guys were, the reason we were, they were accepted in five tons, so they were like that.
The reason we were, we had, um, five, five-ton trucks, all things like Art Clemson and Robby, you know, cartoons.
Massive cartoons.
And everybody had, everybody was a little bit of a hated hippie, but
They were all rapers.
And we brought in, like, food and medicine and a bunch of toys.
And we had circus kind of skid up.
You know, we'd clowns in an outfit.
And that's what we drove across Vermont.
The UN had all kinds of rules.
Like for a while they wouldn't let morphine go to the ringers, the hospital, and the affection of Syria on several of the funds.
It would have taken morphine out of there.
I went along, but then I came to this group in the next state of London.
I think it's tired.
There's two big towers every single day, and two cheese towers.
We'll live on the 8th floor.
And, you know, I had a power station for about 8 months.
I got 8 hours a day.
It's been 8 hours a day.
That's after that.
Two hours a day to sleep after that.
You know, this is the old story.
You're in trucks with these trucks too?
Yeah, I don't know.
Nothing is long.
What's an off-school weather that took nine days to get trucks?
Months, months, chances.
There's everyone up there.
Roblox, they're a curl up, maybe an HBO guy, you just want to send them a car every day.
And, you know, the stretch of land at that time was all, hey, Josh, you know, you got to kind of gear up for it.
We had no money.
And so, hey, you can kind of compare.
Then we went back and forth a lot.
We had another truck in Johnson, Kitsiak, and we would get back the stuff and take it in three.
We had a lot of doctors.
One, two, three.
yeah well i'm going to
You know, he's from the city.
He's got, I'm sure, a whole pile of watching spots on his brain.
Actually, I wasn't playing for a while.
Probably about a year.
I mean, I wasn't, like, dangerous, but I was definitely playing.
So, a little poisoning, a little, uh,
A lot of new stories take everybody up the ground to correct it.
Because, you know, normally you're kind of going, oh, man, there's another story that's actually going, you know, he's got a story that is on the back.
And you kind of go, all right, that's out the door.
There's another one.
The big problem for me is coming here.
America is not the place to come out of Cerebro.
This place is actually going to say, you come out of Cerebro, I'll find a Cerebro.
Because once you leave Cerebro, you see, there's a thing that happens after a certain point in time in Cerebro.
And I don't know if Cerebro's got the same click mentality.
You have to be, like me and I, X amount of foreigners in the room.
You're in Cerebro.
And you look kind of like, I know I'm American.
I know that I can always believe.
I know that I'm a student.
But once you start really getting involved, I mean, food, water, the whole way you live your life, you start to look out at the world.
You know you're all watching on CNN.
As a matter of fact, we're watching on CNN.
Why?
It's quite silly.
And you start to think, we're on CNN.
Actually, the entire world is saying,
And I'm not in banking, because him and I, we look at each other and honestly say, you know, change through.
And this isn't happening to me.
And she felt things like the world was really scary.
I think the world was really off cue.
That's what happens.
That starts when everybody's not in banking.
She's busy.
You know, normal banking, you keep busy about it.
Yeah.
I think it's like really easy for all of us kids in America to be in denial about the things going on in the world, you know?
And you're watching your documentary and then you think about people in the media place, I mean, you don't see this.
No, no.
What do you see?
What you see though, you see more of this life.
Because this life is a real fun entertainment.
If they're done in 30 seconds with like a dramatic voice saying, you know, James, you're evil.
How do you feel about the media?
Do you look to film as more representing the industry?
Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, art, you know, film, it's, and that's what I'm into, that I think it's a good thing.
When I was in Caryville, I had a very, very tight relationship.
First of all, I didn't meet a journalist for like a full month.
Then I realized they were right across the street and all the animals.
And when I went in there, I had this huge banquet room of wine and food and satellite phones for 25 bucks a minute and baths.
I was just about...
I was freaked out.
Not to blame the individual journalist.
He's just doing his job.
That's not what we talked about, David.
I started to realize I don't get it.
But look, I'm not saying that in general.
There's some journalists that got very well and they really worked hard and, you know, some ladies and gentlemen that made the stuff, but it's a small percentage.
I had a problem.
We had a couple of times.
Did you have to send a car to your audience when you made this?
No, no, no.
What were you trying to achieve at a particular point?
Well, actually, you know, we knew it was... I was scheduled to do a live link to Sarah Evel and to, like, all of Europe, one TV studio.
So we went to live to Russia, Serbia, Croatia, Turkey, with the movie, and also Vlado, the guy that brings that up, and the two sisters, and it's quite fun.
And so we didn't know when they go on the TV very well.
So... Did you go to Russia?
I did.
I filmed it.
Actually, I went to the 50th anniversary of the TV library.
I knew Russia was quite during the siege.
And I could hardly find the Russians to be able to do something about the siege.
It was really interesting.
On the third anniversary, I showed this film.
And young people were very, very, very, very, very hard talented.
And they had young male friends who were like, you're a liar, crap.
And it was really weird, right?
One of the very, I'll tell you what, it's not.
Yeah.
Thank you.
This question is for you.
You talked about coming from America.
How did you find America?
Is this your first time?
Yes.
And I used it.
I used it.
Yes, there is a big difference.
I'm just saying, if someone is like the old friend, you have to come to me.
Because the Americans are also put free, there is an invisible link between the mentality of the Bosnians and the U.S.
I mean, if you can just give it to you, John, you can't even hear it.
And at the last of weeks, where you come here, I understand that he's totally obsessed.
And he's a free Bosnian.
He made his employer and all of those he's been writing about back to the years ago from working on.
Each of that kind of a story took to a previous meeting.
Now the point about the future, regardless of what will happen to this day, whether it be the European type of the city of all, simply the human creation of the Islamic type of the city,
It will be the most interested people in the whole Europe.
Because it must have some kind of a development.
We have everybody in the community.
The most expensive at the moment.
Consultancy, European Commission, Cultural Europe, Inesco, UNESCO, FBI, CIA, American Airlines, Moscow.
World Bank, International Monetary Fund, the representatives of all the nations, East and West, everything.
It would be very interesting to see how it felt to be developed, how it felt to develop this idea, and how the political
This is the fact that we are almost evident in the fact that we develop a new cycle.
You know, Europe is very, very good considering the possibility of our success in the country.
The second item, which I'd like to come to with, is the future of the forest.
They have a lot of ruins in which you can build.
Buildings, construction, and things like that.
The way the money is coming right now, from investments, buildings, buildings, buildings.
Most of these buildings will remain in ruins for next 10 or 30 years.
So that's a little bit over the way around.
Definitely, there will be some other buildings, some other idea, and some other models, which will also fit with the landscape of cars.
If you can recall, this is the right speed of the normal car running to plan for everything.
Now we have to fight the struggle, which is more or less personal, but the struggle is a little bigger in our lives.
They teach us how to live, rather than us teaching them.
I think that we are building a downfall.
Maybe, if you teach us in Rome, maybe, never be able to also be able to exchange this information.
And one final remark to the media.
Everyone was there on the side.
Most of the press was there on the side, but I would like to thank each and every journalist on this oath of not abandoning us, of being together with us, and reporting from the spot the bloody people of Sarajevo or whatever other issue.
That was our only link to the international community.
Because we can experience seven days without any international organization, even Red Cross, abandoning the system.
During the night, we've been watching this year's car, full of stars.
Of course, there is not a physical outlet for the TV.
And suddenly, all the city realized that there is nothing wrong on regular basis.
We don't know what it is, because we didn't have the time.
We didn't have to find any opinion about it.
We didn't watch the story.
And then the rumor spread around the city.
And everyone is speaking this story, this particular story.
Yes, there is some kind of a very special stuff like this human and the situation over there.
That was our only hope for the seven days without any military or civilian observer, without any reporter here in court who will mobilize the international community to act.
By waiting the intervention, the city itself organized on a very particular way.
You have to fight for your freedom.
Because going to the border, and you're done in 32 hours a year time.
Okay, you have all the time on the earth.
But, if you want anything extra, at least inshallah, you have to fight for it.
Go twice and lose another two or maybe three hours.
Very risky joke.
But everyone did it.
Because there is no one who will do this
It's for you.
You cannot pay you.
That is the point that we met.
What was the difference?
I stay here, I behave like normal, but Yamanan is a lot.
David Anderson, a famous Swedish actor who has tried to find several opinions and have established a group called Oki Sarajevo supporting the national theater in which he was looking at the national theater to the players, to the small institutions, make-up, figure it, money industry.
She was so obsessed with Sarajevo that
She got a medical treatment done after taking treatment.
You know why?
She starts asking herself, do I really need my brain over?
Do I really need three or four television sets spread around my luxury house?
Do I need five sets of different sports, sports, or things?
Do I really need five different jackets or clothes?
or perfume or whatever.
Obsessed with that, she starts talking with her friends and leads to some kind of very special group.
She sells her property in a way to raise her money.
But it is a normal human question when you compare nothing
to what is quite normal.
What is the material?
What is useful?
What is it going to be?
What is life all about?
And where is the... What is the minimum standard?
Where is the human being?
Where are the human beings?
It starts and when it starts.
That's the whole issue
Because you have to ask these questions on and on again.
I think this is a magnificent view of this movie, because there is no line there.
He was scared for going into the building and shooting Charlie.
This building was close, more than 50 meters from the river of Sarajevo, out by Sirs.
Everything that happened in Sarajevo happened in the 9th or 11th.
It became a symbol.
Holiday in the office.
The office is the church, and that is where generally can they plant their homes?
Faith, you know, to themselves, you know, to sell their apartments, simply waiting for them to continue.
We, the nomadists in the world, believe us some kind of a distance.
I see in the day, and thanks to God, each time, it's alive next to me.
This is a certain kind of a mythical mythology that we develop in order to survive.
And that is why it's so important to see, or not to mix things.
Let's forget about it, Paul.
Let's talk about reality and how people, yes, and how they reflect the nature of them.
There is only the literature of heaven, and there is only something on the horizon.
These others of your Christian mystically are about the universe.
And by the way, who would end that?
Can I ask you about it?
so we inject politics um the date of these talks exists that these two segments of the boss i have a strong suspicion that that in fact will not work yes does that matter to you all of these blends also by international
You know, one of the Jews who stopped the war, you know, one like that, through the villages.
They've been, of course, tragically, unfortunately, tragically devised their country to a secular state, which I think that the Jewish government does not have the attributes of the state.
But I, as a citizen of a university, do not have the right to go in the future.
Just have a practical university, a divided.
But it is the first piece of paper which has an implementation process involved in the paper.
So, I have to follow
Because it gives me the chance of hoping that there will be a second, third, or fourth generation of this.
Generation of this.
That will bring the pieces of the country together.
Maps that you are seeing now are totally ridiculous.
But they are produced in such a way that if anything is going wrong,
So, of course, Konigod, a little tiny spot on the north, can be easily touched.
And the pressure that the international community is putting upon the Bosnians is something... We are in the learning process.
There must be a pressure, and there will be a pressure all the time.
are capable not to raise another second generation of our politicians to obtain more projects.
There is no way that you can put Bosnia in two and three projects.
You know why?
Because the border of Bosnia goes directly to me and my wife back.
And I won't.
So that's mostly for credit.
Only other divisions.
are so rude, so complicated, and so unjust, that create not one ghetto, one hundred thousand of the world, in a country which is structured in great, with a common population living as a refugee, outside, believe it or not, that these are the first of the UNHCR,
If Bosnia is in this moment in 135 countries all over the world.
Of course, there are little pieces of Bosnia in their heart, returning to the process that is broken with the non-government and election.
But you have a waste plan, you have a minefield,
You never talk only about places.
You have to do something to improve the structure, to give them a chance and hope to not to live together, together, to live.
As soon as you let people live, they will find a way how to communicate.
They will communicate well by smuggling cigarettes and then the economy will do that.
I feel very much like
And we were talking about this kind of what we were doing on this area.
And we were talking about eight men and it was going to be open and all this stuff.
It's just a little crap.
What's going to happen if we'll be able to come up against the terrorist?
Some people are going to know she was a former.
Some people are going to know she's no lady in the chair.
I don't believe she used to know that Muslims were there.
Keep coming.
There's no reason to bother to sound terrible.
You know, she's a sound terrible.
That's how it's done.
Not by, you know, I mean, I think it's right to think of the future, but not by you and now hanging out together.
It's going to be a very slow getting together process.
Yeah, I guess.
Those are new economists.
What I worry about is that library was deliberately targeted by people who were presumably filing an mortgage or not in college education.
They didn't know that that was why the library was doing.
No, no.
But somebody knew that library.
Exactly, yes, precisely.
That's what I worry about.
It's the university professors who are running these things.
They're not always with a carrot.
Yeah, unfortunately.
The major architects of the intellectual store, and more of us, and the intellectual store